[Improve][docs] Add spark sql docs to task spark (#9851)
apache/dolphinscheduler: docs/docs/en/guide/task/spark.md

## Overview

> Spark task type for executing Spark programs. For Spark nodes, the worker will do this by using the spark command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spark task type for executing Spark application. When executing the Spark task, the worker will submits a job to the Spark cluster by following commands:
```

- **Failed retry interval**: The time interval (unit minute) for resubmitting the task after a failed task.
- **Delayed execution time**: The time (unit minute) that a task delays in execution.
- **Timeout alarm**: Check the timeout alarm and timeout failure. When the task runs exceed the "timeout", an alarm email will send and the task execution will fail.

> - **Program type**: Supports Java, Scala, Python and Sql.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Program type**: Supports Java, Scala, Python and SQL.
```

## Task Example

> ### (1) spark submit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### spark submit
```

#### Execute the WordCount Program

This is a common introductory case in the big data ecosystem, which often apply to computational frameworks such as MapReduce, Flink and Spark. The main purpose is to count the number of identical words in the input text. (Flink's releases attach this example job)

##### Configure the Spark Environment in DolphinScheduler

If you are using the Spark task type in a production environment, it is necessary to configure the required environment first. The following is the configuration file: `bin/env/dolphinscheduler_env.sh`.

![spark_configure](/img/tasks/demo/spark_task01.png)

##### Upload the Main Package

When using the Spark task node, you need to upload the jar package to the Resource Centre for the execution, refer to the [resource center](../resource.md).

After finish the Resource Centre configuration, upload the required target files directly by dragging and dropping.

![resource_upload](/img/tasks/demo/upload_jar.png)

##### Configure Spark Nodes

Configure the required content according to the parameter descriptions above.

![demo-spark-simple](/img/tasks/demo/spark_task02.png)

> ### (2) spark sql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### spark sql
```

#### Execute DDL and DML statements

This case is to create a view table terms and write three rows of data and a table wc in parquet format and determine whether the table exists. The program type is SQL. Insert the data of the view table terms into the table wc in parquet format.

![spark_sql](/img/tasks/demo/spark_sql.png)

## Notice

> JAVA and Scala are only used for identification, and there is no difference. If it is Spark developed by Python, there is no class for the main function. Others are the same. JAVA, Scala and Python do not have SQL scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JAVA and Scala are only used for identification, and there is no difference when you use the Spark task. If your application is developed by Python, you could just ignore the parameter **Main Class** in the form. Parameter **SQL scripts** is only for SQL type and could be ignored in JAVA, Scala and Python.
```

> JAVA and Scala are only used for identification, and there is no difference. If it is Spark developed by Python, there is no class for the main function. Others are the same. JAVA, Scala and Python do not have SQL scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JAVA and Scala are only used for identification, and there is no difference when you use the Spark task. If your application is developed by Python, you could just ignore the parameter **Main Class** in the form. Parameter **SQL scripts** is only for SQL type and could be ignored in JAVA, Scala and Python.
```

Author: OK, I'll revise it now.
